docs: clarify how to disable watch mode through CLI (#13931)
facebook/jest: docs/CLI.md

Watch files for changes and rerun tests related to changed files. If you want to re-run all tests when a file has changed, use the `--watchAll` option instead.

:::tip

> Use `--no-watch` to explicitly disable the watch mode if it was enable using `--watch`. In most CI environments, this is automatically handled for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--no-watch` (or `--watch=false`) to explicitly disable the watch mode if it was enabled using `--watch`. In most CI environments, this is automatically handled for you.
```

I think saying both makes sense

:::

### `--watchAll`

Watch files for changes and rerun all tests when something changes. If you want to re-run only the tests that depend on the changed files, use the `--watch` option.

:::tip

> Use `--no-watchAll` to explicitly disable the watch mode if it was enable using `--watchAll`. In most CI environments, this is automatically handled for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--no-watchAll` (or `--watchAll=false`) to explicitly disable the watch mode if it was enabled using `--watchAll`. In most CI environments, this is automatically handled for you.
```

`--no-watch-all` and `--watch-all=false` would also work, but we probably shouldn't overload
